---
title: "apply letter"
collection: talks
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/2023-10-16-talk-1
venue: "UC San Francisco, Department of Testing"
date: 2023-10-16
location: "San Francisco, California"
---

<!-- This is a description of your talk, which is a markdown files that can be all markdown-ified like any other post. Yay markdown! -->

Prospective PhD Student Runyu Lu - HUST

Dear Professor [Professor's Last Name],

I hope this message finds you well. My name is Runyu Lu, a 19-year-old fourth-year undergraduate student majoring in Computer Science at Huazhong University of Science and Technology (HUST) in China. I am writing to express my keen interest in joining the PhD program at [University Name] under your esteemed guidance, with a specific focus on mlsys, particularly in LLM Inference and ML compilers.

Allow me to provide you with a comprehensive overview of my qualifications and experiences:

1. Academic Excellence: I have consistently maintained a high level of academic performance during my undergraduate studies, achieving a GPA of 3.95 out of 4.00.
  
2. Research Experience: Currently, I am serving as a research intern under the guidance of Professor Hao Zhang at UCSD LMsys LAB, where I am actively involved in profiling the bottlenecks of the LLM Inference Framework and contributing to a project aimed at enhancing the efficiency of LLM serving.
  
3. Academic Contributions: I have also had the privilege of interning at UIUC PLSE Lab, where I collaborated on a project related to LLM and Compiler Fuzzing, particularly within the LLVM framework. As a result of this work, a paper has already been submitted to FSE'24 (expected to be available on arxiv soon). Furthermore, I am co-authoring a paper related to Large Dynamic Graph Serving Acceleration, which is set to be submitted to ICDE'24, under the guidance of Professors Hongru Gao, Zhiyuan Shao, and Hai Jin at HUST.
  
4. Industry Experience: I have had the privilege of gaining practical experience in the industry. Notably, I once developed high performance neural network inference engine(18k+ star in Github now) for Tencent Company. I have also contributed to writing LLVM backends for GPU compilers while interning in SenseTime Company's GPU Department. These experiences have significantly enhanced my coding abilities and prepared me for a successful research career.
  
5. Technical Proficiency: Thanks to my previous industrial and academic experience, I have developed a strong skill set in various technical domains relevant to mlsys. This includes expertise in AI frameworks such as Torch, vLLM, and Triton, as well as proficiency in High-Performance Computing (HPC) tools like Cuda, Neon, and AVX. Additionally, I am well-versed in Compiler technologies, with hands-on experience in MLIR and LLVM.
  
I am reaching out to inquire about the possibility of enrolling graduate students for the doctoral program in 2024 under your guidance. I am genuinely excited about the prospect of joining your esteemed research group and would greatly appreciate your prompt response.

For a more in-depth look at my background, I have attached my resume, transcripts, and a link to my personal webpage at https://lry89757.github.io.

Thank you for considering my application. I eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work under your mentorship. Please do not hesitate to reach out if you require any further information or have any questions.

Best regards,

Runyu Lu
